services/regulated-assets-approval-server-demo: bootstrap service for the regulated assets' approval server demo (#3457)
stellar/go: services/regulated-assets-approval-server-demo/README.md

# regulated-assets-approval-server-demo

```
Varsion: v0.0.1
Status: not functional
```

> This is a [SEP-8] Approval Server **demo** based on SEP-8 v1.6.1. It is being

Reviewer: 💭  Will this demo become our reference implementation? I think you could call it that if so. A reference implementation does not need to be appropriate for production, and so additionally calling out that it is intended for testing only would be good. It is implied with demo, but I don't see that term get used a whole lot in tech communities. Specifying that something is an emulator, or is only for testing is more common.
```suggestion
This is a [SEP-8] Approval Server reference implementation based on SEP-8 v1.6.1 intended for **testing only**. It is being
```

Author: Good point, I agree "demo" is probably not a standard word for this.
https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3457/commits/91eed1be36008cf57b7623066ac52475286ed3d9

concieved to:

1. Be used as an example of how regulated assets transactions can be validated
   and revised by an anchor.
2. serve as a demo server where wallets can test and validate their SEP-8
   implementation.

Please be aware this is a demo and its code is not mean to be used in a
production application.

> ## Usage

Author: Makes sense 👍  but I think it is implied in Go projects?

> ## Usage

Author: Adding it in https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3457/commits/d7c007e09ce94845cc01688ea366799008b03030
